
1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is the use of markup so that websites can read and present what is on the page correctly with meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to have a universal language for other to read and understand as well as computers to properly display what is
	being asked. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is a value you give something in HTML such as color, font, alignment, etc.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 tag is used for the main heading on a page. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <header>
    7. What is an id? a more specific tag for an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once.
    10. What is a class? Another way to style an element, but can be multiple to the same class.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Right click choose open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? If an image doesn't show the alt image gives text on what it is
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a div doesn't have any meaning aside from classes/ids/etc and sections have content that sticks together ona page, usually follows a theme.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling the web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page:  h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: class can have multiple elements tied to it id can only have 1. classes could be used for multiple cities and id for a picture.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? anything child to the parent can be selected with 1 use of the specified parent. Multiple links in a <nav> to keep them together
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a selector for a specific state such as :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? <p> or <br>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? pixels or em
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? class the div then do .divName {outline: 1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? ctrl+a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? ctrl+?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? -rm you don't want to remove important files because they'll be gone for good
    34. Why should I use version control? easier to revert if needed, easier to work in teams
    35. How often should I commit to github? any time you're going to be away from the computer for a time
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, add TL, clone, branch, push, add TL as review on pull request.

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline alters just the specific text within the document. Block will single out that element on it's own and break up unity.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? It is removed from the document flow and no space is created for it on the page
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? The box model is margin>border>padding>content from the outside in. The fix for the box model is box-sizing:border-box which generates a square element 100px by 100px